hello there welcome to this video
you obviously clicked on this video
because you wanted to see my feet or you
were at least curious as to whether or
not I was even gonna show my feet now
here in Saskatoon the guys are a lot
more Shire about their feet than the
women and I happen to not share their
sentiment perhaps it's because my feet
are in good condition and I'm gonna take
my slippers off and my socks and I'm
going to show you my feet okay so I'm
going to bring the camera right over to
my feet here at least the left foot and
there you have it a healthy foot now I'm
gonna bring the camera in as close as I
can do a little tilt here now notice the
texture notice the skin how healthy
everything is notice the absence of
fungus notice the cleanliness notice how
it moves now that's what I would call a
healthy foot I'm going to take off my
moccasin and show you the other foot so
as you can see it's healthy and as we
know the feet are often a doorway to the
rest of the body and if something's
wrong with feet then chances are we're
experiencing it in the rest of our body
now
I'm here to tell you that my feet are
this healthy because of the ionic foot
bops as well as my own genetics and my
own efforts to keep my feet healthy and
to treat my body in the energy of
respect and you know I want to be in
this body for a long time so I'm looking
after it so I wanted you to see my feet
and now you have seen my feet if you are
interested to learn more about the ionic
foot baths
please check Indian and the Machine com
have yourself a happy feet day and from
my feet to you we say be well
you